README.md, before:

# ElectroAngular7

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Add run angular app in electron with support for node native modules

README.md, after:

# ElectroAngular7

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.6.

Based on: https://medium.com/@murshidhassen/angular-7-electron-web-desktop-love-2995349e8e61

## Development server

Run `yarn start` for a dev server. Next in other terminal window run `yarn electron`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `yarn ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `yarn build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Next execute `yarn electron:prod` to run app in production mode.

## Running unit tests

Run `yarn ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `yarn ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


## Electron packager

TODO
